add nfs-server env  to the install-providers.sh (#73)
kubev2v/forkliftci: BUILD_AND_INSTALL_FORKLIFT_ON_KIND.md

(build_and_setup_everything_bazel_manually.sh) 

this script will:
1. create a local docker registry
2. download and create a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) K8s cluster
3. get the latest forklift code  (https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift).
4. build the forklift images using bazel
5. push the images to the local registry using bazel
6. deploy forklift from the local registry images
7. install migration providers for e2e testing

In order to just install the latest release of forklift please see
[INSTALL_FORKLIFT_ON_KIND.md](INSTALL_FORKLIFT_ON_KIND.md).  

## environmenet variables
- FORKLIFT_DIR - specify alternative forklift path. 

# providers

> it is possible install those providers as part of k8s kind cluster :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is possible to install the following source providers as part of k8s kind cluster :
```

Author: fixed
